disease conditions. DONOTapply when conditions favor
drift from target area.
Ground Application
Apply Endura®fungicidein sufficient water to ensure
thorough coverage of foliage, bloom, and fruit. Thorough
coverage is required for optimum disease control.
Directed or Banded Sprays
The rates on the Enduralabel reflect the amount of prod-
uct uniformly applied over an acre of ground on a
broadcast basis.
In some crops, apply Enduraas a directed or banded
spray over the rows or plant beds, with the alleys or row
middles left unsprayed. For such uses, reduce the labeled
Endurarates in proportion to the area actually sprayed.
This adjustment is necessary to avoid applying the product
at use rates higher than permitted according to label
directions.
Use the following formula to determine the broadcast
equivalent rate for directed or banded sprays:
EXAMPLE:Directed spray application to 45-inch plant
beds that are separated by 15-inches of unsprayed row
middles.
The calculation to determine the appropriate equivalent
rate of product to use for this situation based on a label
broadcast rate of 6 ozs/A follows:
Aerial Application
DONOTapply by air to peanuts. For all other crops listed
on this label, aerial application can be made and thorough
coverage is required to obtain optimum disease control.
Avoid applications under conditions when uniform cover-
age cannot be obtained or when spray drift may occur.
Use no less than 5gallons of spray solution per acre. For
aerial application to citrus fruit and grape, use no less than
10gallons of spray solution per acre. For all crops,
thorough coverage is required for optimum disease control.
Directions For Use Through Sprinkler
Irrigation Systems
Sprayer Preparation
Thoroughly clean chemical tank and injector system. Flush
system with clean water.
Application Instructions
Apply Enduraat rates and timings as described in this
label.
Use Precautions for Sprinkler Irrigation Applications
• This product can be applied through sprinkler irrigation
systems including center pivot, lateral move, end tow,
side [wheel] roll, traveler, big gun, solid set, or hand move
irrigation systems. DONOTapply this product through
any other type of irrigation system.
• Add this product to the pesticide supply tank containing
sufficient water to maintain a continuous flow by the
injection equipment. In continuous moving systems,
inject this product-water mixture continuously, applying
the labeled rate per acre for that crop. DONOTexceed
1/2 inch (13,577 gallons) per acre. In stationary or
noncontinuous moving systems, inject the product-water
mixture in the last 15 to 30 minutes of each set allowing
sufficient time for all of the required pesticide to be
applied by all the sprinkler heads and applying the
labeled rate per acre for that crop. DONOTapply when
wind speed favors drift beyond the area intended for
treatment. Crop injury, lack of effectiveness, or illegal
pesticide residues in the crop can result from non uniform
distribution of treated water. Thorough coverage of
foliage is required for good control. Maintain good agita-
tion during the entire application.
• If you have questions about calibration, contact State
Extension Service specialist, equipment manufacturers or
other experts.
• The system must contain a functional check valve, vacu-
um relief valve, and low pressure drain appropriately
located on the irrigation pipeline to prevent water-source
contamination from backflow.
• The pesticide injection pipeline must contain a functional,
automatic, quick-closing check valve to prevent the flow
of fluid back toward the injection pump.
• The pesticide injection pipeline must also contain a func-
tional, normally closed, solenoid-operated valve located
on the intake side of the injection pump and connected
to the system interlock to prevent fluid from being with-
drawn from the supply tank when the irrigation system is
either automatically or manually shut down.
• The system must contain functional interlocking controls
to automatically shut off the pesticide injection pump
when the water pump motor stops.
• The irrigation line or water pump must include a function-
al pressure switch which will stop the water pump motor
when the water pressure decreases to the point where
pesticide distribution is adversely affected.
sprayed bed
width
+
unsprayed row
middles width
=
total row
width
sprayed bed
width in inches
X
broadcast rate
=
band rate
total row width
in inches
treated acre field acre
45 inches sprayed
bedwidth
+
15 inches
unsprayed
rowmiddles
=
60 inches
total row
width
45 inches sprayed
bed width
X
6 ozs
Endura
=
4.5 ozs
Endura
60 inches total
row width
treated acre field acre
5
