First Aid | First Aid
If on skin or clothing | • Take off contaminated clothing.<br>• Rinse skin immediately with plenty of water for 15-20 minutes.<br>• Call a poison control center or doctor for treatment advice.
If in eyes | • Hold eyes open and rinse slowly and gently with water for 15 to 20 minutes.<br>• Remove contact lenses, if present, after first 5 minutes; then continue rinsing<br>eyes.<br>• Call a poison control center or doctor for treatment or advice.
Hotline Number | Hotline Number
Have the product container or label with you when calling a poison control center or doctor or going for treatment.<br>You may also contact BASF Corporation for emergency medical treatment information at 1-800-832-HELP (4357). | Have the product container or label with you when calling a poison control center or doctor or going for treatment.<br>You may also contact BASF Corporation for emergency medical treatment information at 1-800-832-HELP (4357).
Precautionary Statements
Hazards to Humans and Domestic Animals
CAUTION. Causes moderate eye irritation. Avoid contact
with eyes or clothing. Wash thoroughly with soap and
water after handling and before eating, drinking, chewing
gum, using tobacco or using the toilet.
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Applicators and other handlers must wear:
• Long-sleeved shirt and long pants
• Waterproof or nitrile gloves
• Shoes plus socks
• Protective eyewear
Mixers/loaders and applicators not using enclosed
systems must wear a NIOSH-approved particulate
respirator with any N, R, or P filter with NIOSH approval
number prefix TC-84A; or a NIOSH-approved powered air
purifying respirator with an HE filter with NIOSH approval
number prefix TC-21C. (Repeated exposure to high
concentrations of microbial proteins can cause allergic
sensitization.)
Follow the manufacturer’s instructions for
cleaning/maintaining PPE. If no such instructions for
washables, use detergent and hot water. Keep and wash
PPE separately from other laundry.
USER SAFETY RECOMMENDATIONS
Users should:
• Remove clothing/PPE immediately if pesticide gets
inside. Then wash thoroughly and put on clean
clothing.
• Remove PPE immediately after handling this product.
Wash the outside of gloves before removing. As soon
as possible, wash thoroughly and change into clean
clothing.
Environmental Hazards
{Environmental hazards statements for the following for
container sizes less than 5 gallons.}
For terrestrial uses: DO NOT apply directly to water, or to
areas where surface water is present or to intertidal areas
below the mean high-water mark. DO NOT contaminate
water when disposing of equipment washwater or rinsate.
{Environmental hazards statements for the following for
containers greater than or equal to 5 gallons.}
DO NOT discharge effluent containing this product into
lakes, streams, ponds, estuaries, oceans, or other waters
unless in accordance with the requirements of a National
Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit
and the permitting authority has been notified in writing
prior to discharge. DO NOT discharge effluent containing
this product to sewer systems without previously
notifying the local sewage treatment plant authority. For
guidance, contact your State Water Board or Regional
Office of the EPA.
Directions For Use
It is a violation of federal law to use this product in a
manner inconsistent with its labeling.
STORAGE AND DISPOSAL
DO NOT contaminate water, food, or feed by storage or
disposal.
Pesticide Storage
Ensure container closures are tight. Store in a cool, dry
place.
Pesticide Disposal
To avoid wastes, use all material in this container by
application according to label directions. If wastes cannot
be avoided, offer remaining product to a waste disposal
facility or pesticide disposal program (often such
programs are run by state or local governments or by
industry).
Container Handling
{For containers with capacities less than or equal to 5
gallons}
Nonrefillable container. DO NOT reuse or refill this
container. Triple rinse container (or equivalent) promptly
after emptying. Triple rinse as follows: Empty the
remaining contents into application equipment or a mix
tank and drain for 10 seconds after the flow begins to
drip. Fill the container ¼ full with water and recap. Shake
for 10 seconds. Pour rinsate into application equipment
or a mix tank or store rinsate for later use or disposal.
Drain for 10 seconds after the flow begins to drip. Repeat
this procedure two more times. Then offer for recycling if
available, or puncture and dispose of in a sanitary landfill
